README.rst, before:

===========
djed.static
===========

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/djedproject/djed.static.png?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/djedproject/djed.static

``djed.static`` integrates `BowerStatic <https://bowerstatic.readthedocs.org>`__
into the `Pyramid Web Framework <https://pyramid.readthedocs.org>`_.
BowerStatic is a WSGI component that can serve static resources from
front-end packages (JavaScript, CSS) that you install through the
`Bower <http://bower.io>`_ package manager.

Dependencies
============

- python >= 3.3
- `pyramid <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyramid>`_
- `bowerstatic <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/bowerstatic>`__

Documentation and Support
=========================

Documentation can be found at `https://djedstatic.readthedocs.org/  <https://djedstatic.readthedocs.org/>`_

If you've got questions, contact the `djedproject mailling list <https://groups.google.com/group/djedproject>`_.

To report bugs, use the `issue tracker <https://github.com/djedproject/djed.static/issues>`_.

License
=======

``djed.static`` is offered under the `ISC license`_.

.. _ISC license: http://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/

Commit message:

Add a Readme note about the fork.

README.rst, after:

===========
djed.static
===========

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/djedproject/djed.static.png?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/djedproject/djed.static

``djed.static`` integrates `BowerStatic <https://bowerstatic.readthedocs.org>`__
into the `Pyramid Web Framework <https://pyramid.readthedocs.org>`_.
BowerStatic is a WSGI component that can serve static resources from
front-end packages (JavaScript, CSS) that you install through the
`Bower <http://bower.io>`_ package manager.

Fork Note
=========

This is a fork to maintain Python 2.x compatibility, specifically targeting 2.6.


Dependencies
============

- python >= 3.3
- `pyramid <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyramid>`_
- `bowerstatic <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/bowerstatic>`__

Documentation and Support
=========================

Documentation can be found at `https://djedstatic.readthedocs.org/  <https://djedstatic.readthedocs.org/>`_

If you've got questions, contact the `djedproject mailling list <https://groups.google.com/group/djedproject>`_.

To report bugs, use the `issue tracker <https://github.com/djedproject/djed.static/issues>`_.

License
=======

``djed.static`` is offered under the `ISC license`_.

.. _ISC license: http://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/
